and welcome to the
buying advice for 1 600 euro game pc
now once 2014
as processor of the Intel Core i5 44 60 he
has four cores each with 32 megahertz
basic clock currently 11 50 double 480 watts
tdp of 22 nanometers and six megabytes
l3-cache it costs 260 euros and for the
circle real very good processor with
you should give it the next one to two
years no problems with current
others have games but memory
heidenfeld eight her at short notice spot
decided is impressive that is
one can use them was 10
911 fast and for 60 euros is too
real was as Operative memory
mainboard the skirt b 85 m per 4
with the current eleven fifties socket
of the type nrw 85 has the newest
but is still very effective one
micro atx mainboard never fit the
housing also has cube housing for the
Price real in rain or equipment
a company operates 07 and a sound
We are now getting four ram slots
the heart of our pcs the graphics card in
this case the adr 92 80 she was from
msi overclocked and with the latest 5
design equipped
she should be for the most current
games on a high setting and rich
were then the euro has ever 80
a really good graphics card can
Of course, those of sap recover
but not as your own because you
quieter is even better tactics and that
design has significantly better than
hard disk the seagate barracuda with
a terabyte for a ssd has it
unfortunately not enough would have a hdd
However, this is relatively fast
and for 45 euro you have the real one
hard disk in the network there we always put
on brand quality by be quiet in the
case that the kripo was seven bunch
therefore 54w 80plus silver
centering a millimeter fan
cool and it's normal that's called it
unfortunately has no cable management as
last complete have me the housing
the housing is a matter of taste then
I have to that besides the child on
like the best
However, should be careful that the
things are compatible and all things
So fit in so I recommend about the
housing finder on guide.de i have
my feeling made the sharkoon
vkw for 50 euros the housing with a
good equipment